# PROJECT6_OOAD

The purpose of this project is to create a program that can manage and process pizza orders for a pizza store called ‘Dough Masters’. The aim is to provide an efficient and user-friendly system that allows customers to place their pizza orders and the store to manage those orders.
The system will allow customers to view the available pizza options and place their orders online. It will also provide features like product selection and delivery management. Additionally, the system will enable the store to manage the orders efficiently, keep track of inventory, and generate reports to monitor sales and profitability.
The kind of system being built is an online ordering system that can be accessed from github. The system will be built using Java programming language and will likely involve the use of frameworks and libraries for developing web applications.
Overall, the goal of Dough Masters code is to provide a convenient and efficient ordering process for customers and streamline the pizza ordering process for the store.

Since we are planning to develop a pizzeria simulation, having a text file where we store the output of our simulation will be helpful (just like the FNCD simulation). This text file would contain what occurs every day in the pizzeria, from orders being placed to buying more ingredients, to hiring new employees, etc. In order to have a more accurate system that simulates the efficiency of the shop and profits, the system should simulate 30 days. 

In addition to our text file, to track the inventory of ingredients, a CSV file can be used. Which could look like the spreadsheet below. We could also implement a data storage from within our code directly by initializing all our ingredients and equipment, and updating it once certain ingredients are used in a pizza order just like the vehicle inventory in the FNCD project. Similarly, we could implement an ingredient threshold, where if it falls below that threshold more ingredients are ordered, which would cost the pizzeria money. 
